"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Alan Kay
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." - Zig Ziglar
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." - Earl Nightingale
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"If you don't build your dreams, someone else will hire you to build theirs." - Tony Gaskins
"The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination." - Albert Einstein
"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." - Michelangelo
"The only way to do great work is to first love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Owen Welfel
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." - African proverb
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." - Vince Lombardi
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" - John Wooden
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire." - Arnold H. Glasow
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work." - Steve Jobs
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." - J.M. Power
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now." - Chinese proverb
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative." - Woody Allen
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come indirectly through accident, except the phonograph. No, when I have fully decided that a result is worth getting, I go about it, and make trial after trial, until it comes." - Thomas Edison
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." - Helen Keller
"If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success." - John D. Rockefeller
"I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of not trying." - Jay-Z
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose." - Bill Gates